A group of penguins in the water is called a raft but on land they're called a waddle.
Yellow-eyed penguin lives near New Zealand and this is the rarest species of penguin. Only 5000 birds are left in the wild.
Galapagos penguin is the only type of penguin that can be seen in the Northern hemisphere. It happens rarely and only when food in South hemisphere is scarce.
Penguins' feather is dense and lubricated with oil. Besides feather, thick layer of skin and blubber provides protection from the low temperature.
Penguins live between 15 and 20 years, depending on the species.
Natural predators of penguins are orcas, seals, sharks, snakes, sea lions, killer whales...
Penguins' eyes see better under the water than on the ground. Excellent eyesight helps them to avoid predators while they are searching for food.
Penguins are social animals. They live in large communities composed of thousand to ten thousand couples.
Penguins communicate by producing the sounds. They also communicate using their heads and flippers.
Penguins are excellent swimmers. They can swim 15-20 miles per hour. They can keep their breath for 20 minutes and can dive deeper than any other bird.
If penguin loses a chick, it can steal a chick from other family.
Unique colors of their feathers provide excellent camouflage in the water.
While other birds have wings for flying, penguins have adapted flippers to help them swim in the water.
Most penguins live in the Southern Hemisphere, while polar bears live in the Northern Hemisphere.
Large penguin populations can be found in countries such as New Zealand, Australia, Chile, Argentina and South Africa.
Penguins eat a range of fish and other sealife that they catch underwater.
Penguins spend around half their time in water and the other half on land.
The Emperor Penguin is the tallest of all penguin species, reaching as tall as 120 cm (47 in) in height.
Emperor Penguins can stay underwater for around 20 minutes at a time.
Emperor Penguins often huddle together to keep warm in the cold temperatures of Antarctica.
King Penguins are the second largest penguin species. They have four layers of feathers to help keep them warm on the cold subantarctic islands where they breed.
Chinstrap Penguins get their name from the thin black band under their head. At times it looks like they’re wearing a black helmet.
Crested penguins have yellow crests, as well as red bills and eyes.
Little Blue Penguins are the smallest type of penguin, averaging around 33 cm (13 in) in height.
Penguins in Antarctica have no land based predators, only water based ones.
All 17 species of penguins are found exclusively in the Southern Hemisphere.
The fastest species is the Gentoo Penguin, which can reach swimming speeds up to 22 mph.
Fossils place the earliest penguin relative at some 60 million years ago.
Penguins ingest a lot of seawater while hunting for fish, but a special gland behind their eyes filters out the saltwater from their blood stream.
Scientists still don't know for sure how many kinds of penguins there are.
Penguins jump into the air before diving in the water so that they swim faster.
Explorers first called penguins "strange geese." That's what crew member Antonio Pigafetta wrote on Ferdinand Magellan's first circumnavigation of the globe.
Penguins can swim at speeds over 10 miles per hour. Gentoos, the speediest penguins, can top 20 mph, but most species dart around at a more modest 4 to 7 mph.
Penguins can dive down over 800 feet. n the deepest dive ever recorded, an emperor penguin reached an amazing 1,850 feet.
Recently discovered fossils indicate that an ancient breed of penguins once stood taller than the average adult man today at 5-foot-10.
Penguins don't have teeth. Fleshy spines inside their mouths help them swallow fish.
Penguins go through a "catastrophic molt" once a year. They lose all of their feathers during a 2-3 week process, and can't swim/fish until the feathers grow back.
Penguin couples locate each other with distinct calls. The unique sounds help them reunite on the breeding ground.
Emperor penguins incubate eggs on their feet. The male penguins keep them warm under a loose fold of skin.
Penguins are waterproof. Penguins spread an oil produced by the preen gland that insulates their bodies and improves their hydrodynamics.
The largest penguin colonies — called rookeries or waddles when assembled on land — include hundreds of thousands of birds.
Penguins are specially adapted to sink. While most birds have hollow bones to facilitate flight, penguins have dense skeletons for easier diving.
Some penguins build pebble nests. Their parents do line the pile of rocks with soft moss and feathers, though.
Penguins get their name from a Canadian bird. The now-extinct giant auk looked like the penguins explorers encountered in the Southern Hemisphere.
Not all penguins live in the Antarctic. The Galapagos penguin stays nice and warm living near the equator.
Penguins huddle for warmth. Emperor penguins have perfected their group hugs to a science, with some birds in the middle actually getting too hot.
Penguins love "tobogganing." Instead of shuffling across the ice, many penguins like to lay on their stomachs and propel themselves with their feet.
Penguin chicks start out as little fluffballs. Their first coat of feathers consists of a light down. The weatherproof layer grows in later.
There are many movies based on penguins, like March Of The Penguins, Happy Feet, Surf's Up and many more.