The average woman uses her height in lipstick every 5 years.
An average person's yearly fast food intake contains 12 pubic hairs.
Ithyphallophobia is the fear of erections.
The tapir has the longest penis to body ratio of any animal.
A duck and a rooster were the first passengers in a hot air balloon.
Arab women can't can initiate a divorce if their husbands don't pour coffee for them.
Upon losing battles apes will tend to masturbate.
Most lipstick contains fish scales.
In japan it is perfectly acceptable to name your child "buttocks" or "prostitute".
In france it is legal to marry a dead person.
It's against the law to have a pet dog in iceland.
A group of 12 or more cows is called a "flink".
The 57 on heinz ketchup bottles represents the variety of pickle the company once had.
You can tell the sex of a horse by it's teeth, most males have 40 whereas females have 36.
In 1386 a pig in france was executed by public hanging for the murder of a child.
Sloths take two weeks to digest their food.
Slugs have four noses.
Los angeles' full name is el pueblo de nuestra señora la reina de la los angeles de porciúncula.
The skeleton of jeremy bentham is present at all important meetings at the university of london.
It is physically impossible for pigs to look up into the sky.
Catfish are the only animals to have an odd number of whiskers.
The french language has 17 different words for surrender.
Birds don't urinate.
The study of bodily tissue as it changes over time from infectious disease is called histopathology.
The color orange is named after the fruit not the other way around.
It was 28 degrees Fahrenheit in Springfield Missouri at 5:55 A.M on Tuesday February 1st 2011.
The two best-selling authors of all time are William Shakespeare and Agatha Christie with sales for each estimated between two and four billion books.
The inventor of the fire hydrant is unknown because the device's original patent was destroyed... in a fire.
Tomatoes are the official state vegetable of New Jersey.
Tomato juice is the official state beverage of Ohio.
Actor Kiefer Sutherland's full name is Kiefer William Frederick Dempsey George Rufus Sutherland.
Actor Richard Gere's middle name is Tiffany.
Before the invention of alarm clocks there was a profession in which you would knock on windows with a long stick to wake people up. These people were called "knocker uppers" and the people who woke them up were called "knocker upper knocker uppers".
The S in C.S. Lewis stands for staple.
The s in Ulysses S Grant doesn't stand for anything.
Cuba and North Korea are the only countries on the planet in which Coca-Cola is not officially sold.
The words aspirin cellophane escalator flip phone laundromat linoleum and trampoline were all originally trademarked but have since become generic terms.
Rabbits cannot vomit.
April 11 1954 has been declared by some historians the most boring and uneventful day of the 20th century.
The current world record for longest duration juggling three objects is 12 hours and five minutes set by David Slick at North Richland Hills Public Library in Texas on July 22nd 2009.
The head of ig-88 the droid bounty hunter from the Empire Strikes back was made from a rolls-royce nene jet arrow engine combustion chamber.
Charlie Chaplin and Dolly Parton both entered look-alike competitions of themselves and lost..
Metallica is the only bands to have performed on all seven continents which they did within the span of a single year.
Jellied moose nose is a delicacy in parts of North America.
One of the ingredients of dynamite is peanuts.
Honey does not spoil.
40 is the only number with its letters in alphabetical order.
One is the only number with its letters in reverse alphabetical order.
Every number shares a letter with it's predecessor.
Edgar Allan Poe was paid nine dollars for the raven.
The sixth word in the sixth chapter of the sixth Harry Potter book is "of".
The first on-screen appearance of the character Hannibal Lecter was in Michael Mann's 1986 film Man Hunter. Lecter was spelled l-e-c-k-t-o-r.
For some reason from 1977 to 2011 the flag of Libya was just solid green.
Tim Burton's the nightmare before Christmas was not directed by Tim Burton, it was directed by Henry Selick.
Dactylography is the study of fingerprints.
The least common birthday after february 29th is december 25th.
Ray Tomlinson is credited to be the inventor of email and the use of the @ separator and sent the very first mail in history to himself.
All official casino poker chips weigh between eight and a half to ten grams.
The fear that a duck or goose is watching you is called anatodiphobia..
The light on top of the capitol records building in hollywood blinks out "hollywood" in morse code.
A car crash in the James Bond film Casino Royale accidentally set the guinness world record for most cannon rolls in a car.
Sherlock Holmes and John Watson were originally named Sharing Ford Hope and Ormond Sacker.
The director of weekend at Bernie's was born on a Tuesday.
Car tires are actually white until manufacturers add carbon to the rubber, this increases tensile strength and turns the material black.
History tells us that Napoleon once arranged a rabbit hunt, but when the rabbits were released from their cages they attacked him instead of running away.
The bluetooth symbol is named after the viking king Herald Bluetooth.
The Beatles tried to get a Lord of the Rings movie made starring Paul as Frodo, Ringo as Sam, George as Gandalf and John as Gollum. They approached Stanley Kubrick to direct, but as you can imagine things did not pan out.
Potatoes and bacon share a commonality in that neither of them is a coconut.
A blot reduplication is the term for repeating a word with a different vowel to make a phrase like chit chat or ding dong.
Ping pong sometimes called whiff waff is the most popular indoor sport in the world.
king Kong had his own animated series in the late 1960s.
Bing Bong the imaginary friend from pixar's inside out was designed to be a hybrid of a cat a dolphin and an elephant.
Sing-Song is the name of a 2017 musical from the Netherlands.
Tim Tam is the name of a chocolate biscuit from Australia.
Flim Flam is the title of a 1991 album by Steve Lacey and Steve Potts.
Crisscross released their first album in 1992.
Tony Tony Toney's album Sons of Soul was named Rolling Stone's second best album of 1993.
Swing Swang Swung the Fourth Studio Album by the Christian rock band Guardian was released in 1994.
Tick-tock is the sound a clock makes.
Tik-tok is the name of a robotic man appearing in the 1985 film Returned to Oz.
Incidentally 2020 marked the first time that vinyl records outsold cds since the year 1986.
All British tanks designed after World War II include equipment to make tea.
Tally marks are not the same across cultures.
Abraham Lincoln named his fourth and youngest son Tad because he had a small body a large head, and wiggled like a tadpole.
Isaac Asimov is the only author to have written books in nine of the 10 categories of the Dewey decimal system. He did everything but philosophy.
Technically speaking newborn babies can't cry. While they may scream, most babies cannot produce tears for anywhere from two weeks to two months after birth.
The atomic number of bismuth is 83.
If you rearrange the letters in the words hypotenuse you can spell stewie phone, which you may have guessed is not a word.
Charlie Chaplin was the first actor ever to appear in Time Magazine. In case you were wondering it was the 6th of July 1925 issue.
Bats give birth upside down. The mother uses her wings to catch the baby during delivery.
The first jigsaw puzzles were called dissected maps.
The Empire State Building has its own zip code, 10118.
I have it on good authority that Gerber's Chicken baby food is also a popular remedy for sick ferrets.
The seiko skx007 is one of the most iconic diver's watches in history, comes in two varieties, one made in China, the other made in Japan. The only real difference is a small inscription at the bottom.
Cigarette butts make up more than one third of all litter on the planet. They are not biodegradable in fact they are considered hazardous material. Cities spend around three to 16 million dollars on cigarette cleanup every year.
The following is a list of the top 20 baby names for american boys in the year 1952: `James Robert John Michael David William Richard Thomas Charles Gary Stephen Joseph Larry Donald Ronald Kenneth Mark Dennis Paul and Daniel` For girls: `Linda Mary Patricia Dobra Susan Barbara Nancy Karen Deborah Noah Sandra Kathleen Carol Donna Sharon Brenda Diane Pamela Cynthia Janet and Christine`.
The last state-sanctioned execution by guillotine was on September 10 1977 in France.
Approximately six million Americans suffer from at least one broken bone every year.
The word pirates backwards is setarip, which also happens to be the name of an Edmonton based computer company that has been operating since 2004. It does not appear as if their business's website has ever really been set up.
Donuts were originally called oily cakes, and writer Washington Irving is believed to be the first writer to describe them in print.
Mark Twain's The Adventures of Tom Sawyer is the first book to be written on a typewriter.
James Joyce wrote most of Finnegan's Wake on cardboard with crayons.
The seventh oldest video on youtube is Vernal Lullaby by Adam Quirk.
The world's longest bench is in Geneva Switzerland and measures around 120 meters.
There is no roman numeral for zero because the ancient greeks didn't actually consider it a number.
Only one-sixth of your eyeball is visible.
The sea lion was the first non-human mammal with a proven ability to keep a beat.
In the early 1600s tulip flowers were introduced into holland and were so popular that their bulbs were often more valuable than gold it sparked the first known speculative economic bubble in history tulip mania and the bubble burst in 1637.
The world record for running a half marathon backwards is one hour 40 minutes.
September, October, November and December used to be the 7th 8th 9th and 10th months which is why their prefixes are the way they are. They were pushed back when July and August were added to the calendar in honor of Julius and Augustus Caesar.
The oldest active webcam in the world is the san francisco fog cam which has been running since 1994.
The first webcam ever used was at the university of Cambridge's computer lab in 1991 for the noble purpose of letting folks know if the coffee pot in the break room was full or empty from.
1867 to 1920 the number of horses rose from 7.8 million to 25 million thanks to the invention of the automobile.
The potato was the first graphic to ever appear on a license plate starting in Idaho during the year 1928.
Every three days elevators carry the equivalent of the entire planet's population.
On average you will spend two weeks of your life tying your shoes.
If you perform eight perfect shuffles in a row with a standard deck of playing cards, the deck will return to its original order.
New Zealand is the world's eighth hidden continent, more than half of it is submerged.
According to the University of Vienna in Austria, almost all birds including crows geese and swans have the cognitive power to memorize people, their faces, and their voices. So be kind to them at the park.
The average lifespan of a mute swan is 15 to 20 years in the wild and up to 40 years in protected habitat.
Nasa helmets feature velcro patches that let astronauts scratch their noses, velcro's design has become eight times stronger since its first incarnation.
The world's longest kiss lasted for 58 hours 35 minutes and 58 seconds.
Sixty percent of the human brain is made up of fat.
Chipotle, Starbucks and Barnes & Noble collected nearly 100 million dollars last year from unredeemed gift cards.
Polar bears are left-handed.
Microwaves heat food by causing water fat and sugar molecules to vibrate at two and a half trillion times per second.
Bubble wrap was originally invented as a wallpaper.
Green bay quarterback brett favre threw 16 interceptions in the 2002 NFL season.
Lemon trees can produce up to 600 pounds of lemons every year.
The cigarette lighter was invented before the match.
Hair gel has been around for at least 3500 years. Ancient Egyptians used fat-based concoctions to sculpt their styles way before the arrival of more modern hair products.
The amount of cardboard thrown away annually is enough to heat 50 million houses for the next two decades.
The average strawberry has 200 seeds.
Philip Dial engineered the motor used in the very first electric sewing machines in 1882. He adapted this design to produce the very first electric ceiling fans.
The average price of a gallon of gas in the United States Midwest region on March 16 2009 was $1.81.
Scotch tape was invented in 1930 by a banjo player.
Charade is a 1963 motion picture starring Cary Grant and Audrey Hepburn. The tenth word spoken in the film is "loaded".
Most people lose about 30 percent of their taste buds while flying in an airplane.
The longest cinematically released non-experimental film is a 2019 Bangladesh movie entitled the Innocence with a total run time of 1265 minutes or a little over 21 hours.
Apple's original logo was an image of Isaac Newton sitting under a tree.
Most modern dishwashers use only a tenth of the water you use when washing dishes by hand.
A gallon of milk cost about 91 cents in the year 1954.
78% of americans have at least one cavity by age 17.
The game of darts is believed to have originated sometime during the 14th century to keep knights and soldiers occupied when they weren't on the battlefield. Originally they threw arrowheads into the bottom of empty wine barrels.
The longest receipt ever printed was in a struggling New York City grocery store called Hercules Fancy Grocery. When a group of artists found out that the store was about to lose its lease, they purchased every single item available on shelves to the tune of about twenty thousand dollars to fund an art exhibit. The receipt took a little over six hours to print and it measured about 57 feet and 6 inches. Also it ended up hurting the store rather than helping, because the business owners had to sink a ton of money into restocking efforts to keep the store afloat. The business is now closed.
John Singer Sergeant was born January 12 1856 and was considered the leading portrait painter of his generation. He created over 2000 watercolors around 900 oil paintings, and he also did charcoal drawings and sketches too. He was fluent in English French Italian and German, and if that were not enough, the dude could grow a pretty mean mustache.
Asthma causes kids to miss more than 10 million school days every year.
During World War II the U.S. military designed grenades to match the size and weight of a baseball, reckoning that any young american man would be able to properly throw them.
Not to ruin every baseball movie ever, but MLB rule 7 subsection 5 says clearly that catching a baseball with your hat is against the rules, if you do the batter is awarded three bases.
The average person will consume three bottles of ketchup per year.
According to customer surveys yellow was the least popular color for iPhone 11.
The Kazoo was first produced in the USA around 1852.
Lemurs have two tongues.
Sheep have rectangular pupils which give them around a 270 to 320 degree field of view. They can see pretty much everything around them except for anything directly behind them, this helps them to avoid potential predators.
Prosthetic eyes are typically called glass eyes, but nowadays they're mostly made of acrylic.
The 99th digit of pi is seven.
The average response time for firefighters in ann Arbor Michigan at the start of 2018 was around 12 minutes, which is close to double the standard set forth by the National Fire Protection Association.
The sixth paragraph in chapter 30 of pride and prejudice begins with the following sentence: "In this quiet way the first fortnight of her visit soon passed away".
Ham is the most common sandwich meat followed by chicken and then beef.
Eye-rolling has been present in literature since at least the 16th century, William Shakespeare would use it to portray lust or passion for another character. During that time period eye-rolling was used as a way to indicate flirting. It continued to be used that way in literature for centuries, in fact it didn't really translate to a negative connotation until about the 1980s.
The shortest professional game of Go ending in resignation was played on November 21 1996, at the 53rd Japanese Honinbo Preliminary the match only lasted for 20 moves.
You burn about 50 calories an hour while you sleep.
The average storm cloud weighs a little over 105 million pounds.
The Victoria Falls waterfall in Zimbabwe is so loud that it can be heard from 25 miles away.
The U.S has never lost a war in which mules were used.
Tony the Tiger's nose on Frosted Flakes cereal boxes is a spoon headed towards the bowl.
The cat held by Marlon Brando in the opening scene of the Godfather was a stray that the director found on the lot at Paramount. It wasn't in the script originally, but they thought it looked cool, so they put it in a movie. The cat was so chill on set that it purred the entire time, muffling a lot of brando's dialogue so most of his lines in that scene had to be looped in post-production.
The average woman in the Netherlands owns about six purses.
The 13th labor is one of the last remaining unsolved perplex city puzzle cards you are more than welcome to take a crack at solving it because frankly i am all out of ideas.
In 2016 Kodak announced a new Super 8 camera intended to revive the retro format by adding new features like a digital viewfinder, audio recording, and a robust post-production ecosystem that would make the film's development easy and convenient. The company promised continual development updates and the camera's release in 2018. Yet five years later despite numerous sightings of the camera in the wild, Kodak has never updated the public as to the camera's status, and in fact scrubbed all evidence of the camera from their website completely.
Garden path sentences are grammatically correct sentences that start in a way so the reader's initial interpretation will likely be incorrect forcing them to re-parse the sentence until they get the true meaning.
Bram Stoker's Dracula was originally published on May 26 1897 and consisted of 418 pages.
The Game Boy Micro had a screen resolution of 240 by 160 pixels.
Tornadoes have touched down on every continent except Antarctica.
Banjo-Kazooie for the Nintendo 64 was the biggest and fastest selling game of 1998.
The Mona Lisa is currently estimated to be worth about 2.7 billion dollars making it more valuable than at least 13 different countries. The artist Leonardo da Vinci was left-handed.
It's a common misconception that the Phillips head screwdriver is named after its inventor. It isn't, it's named after the man who owned the company that purchased the design.
Domitian began his reign as the Roman emperor in the year 81 a.d.
The "watermelon war" occurred on the morning of April 15, 1856 in Panama City after an American took a slice of watermelon from a street vendor and refused to pay for it, the resulting altercation sparked a massive riot resulting in the death of 15 Americans, two Panamanians, the destruction of several businesses and damage to the local railroad station.
40% of teddy bear sales are for grown-ups.
The full name of the character DW in the children's show Arthur is Dora Winifred Reed.
The fifth season of 24 begins at 7 am.
There are 87 steps at the Lincoln Memorial, from the chamber to the reflecting pool. The number 87 or 4 score and 7 is a tribute to Abraham Lincoln's famous Gettysburg address.
The American School Bus Council estimates that communities save around 7.7 billion dollars annually by using school buses instead of private transportation when taking kids to class.
You cannot sneeze while in rem sleep.
The median household income in Topeka, Kansas was $35928 in the year 2000.
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, each year more than 900 000 people visit the emergency room due to ladder related injuries. At least 50 percent of which were due to individuals carrying items while they climbed.
The first computerized version of Battleship was designed in 1979 and was one of the first games scripted for a computer.
The game chinese "checkers" has very little to do with actual checkers and was invented by the germans, not the chinese.
Book thief Stephen Bloomberg stole over 23 000 rare books from 268 libraries. Experts believe the stolen goods total upwards of 20 million dollars.
A little over one and a half billion smartphones were sold worldwide in 2019.
A pound of corn consists of approximately 1300 kernels.
The first modern wind turbine was built in vermont in the 1940's.
The average ink pen can write approximately 45 000 words.
The world record in cycling backwards while playing a violin is 37 and a half miles in five hours and eight seconds.
The mean half-life of caffeine in plasma of healthy individuals is about five hours.
Owls are the only type of bird that can see the color blue.
Polar bear fur is actually clear, and their skin is black.
Baby flamingos are born grey, not pink.
A woodpecker’s tongue actually wraps all the way around its brain, protecting it from damage when it’s hammering into a tree
A shrimp’s heart is located in its head.
Elephants suck on their trunks for comfort.
Anteaters have no teeth.
Nine-banded armadillos always have quadruplets, and they’re always identical.
Wombat poop is cube-shaped.
A flock of flamingos is called a flamboyance.
Hippos and horses are actually distant relatives.
All clownfish are born male.
In the UK, The Queen legally owns all unmarked swans.
To keep from drifting apart, sea otters hold hands while they sleep.
Goats have accents.
Dolphins give names to each other.
Gorillas can catch human colds — you’re probably still safe to go to the zoo with the sniffles, though.
Forget bald eagles. The turkey was once almost named the national bird.
A group of owls is called a parliament.
There are 32 muscles in a cat’s ear.
Snails can regenerate their eyes.
Want to know if your pet turtle is a boy or girl? Listen closely! Female turtles hiss and male turtles grunt.
A starfish can turn its stomach inside out.
French Poodles are actually from Germany.
Seahorses mate for life and can often be seen holding each other’s tales.
A group of porcupines is called a prickle.
Andrew Jackson’s parrot had to be removed from his funeral because it wouldn’t stop swearing. Polly wants her mouth washed out.
Sloths can hold their breaths for up to 40 minutes.
Henry VIII knighted all four of his “Grooms of Stool” — the people in charge of wiping his butt for him.
Jeannette Rankin was elected to Congress four years before women could even vote.
Women couldn’t apply for credit at a bank until 1974.
Before the invention of modern false teeth, dentures were commonly made from the teeth of dead soldiers.
In ancient Egypt, servants were smeared with honey so flies would flock to them instead of the pharaoh.
It was once considered sacrilegious to use a fork.
Abe Lincoln was a champion wrestler. He was also a licensed bartender. Maybe they should call him an “Abe of all trades.”
George Washington owned a whiskey distillery.
More than two percent of the American population was killed during the Civil War.
Joseph Stalin used to have people removed from photos after they died or were removed from office.
Since 1945, all British tanks have been equipped with the necessary items for making tea.
Pope Gregory IV once declared war on cats because he believed Satan used black cats. His declaration lead to the mass extermination of cats.
That lack of cats led to a rat infestation which led to the spread of the plague.
John Adams was the first president to live in the White House.
Go to bed! Chernobyl, the Exxon Valdez Oil Spill, and the Challenger explosion have all been attributed to a lack of sleep.
The average person living in Sweden eats about 22 pounds of chocolate a year.
While the Wright Brothers are famous as a pair, they actually only flew together once. They promised their father they’d always fly separately.
Parts of the Great Wall of China were made with sticky rice.
Montana has three times as many cows as it does people.
Ninety percent of the world’s population lives above the equator.
Finland has more saunas than cars.
Sixty percent of the World’s lakes (three million total) are located in Canada.
Virginia is the only state that has the same state flower and state tree, the Dogwood.
Think before you season. In Egypt, it’s considered incredibly rude to salt food that has been served to you.
Ninety percent of Libya is desert.
The height of the Eiffel Tour can vary up to six inches, depending on the temperature.
Spend too much on drinks when you eat out? A small town in Italy actually has a fountain that serves free wine.
Pilots and their co-pilots are required to eat different meals before flights so that they don’t both end up with food poisoning.
Roughly 600 Parisians work at the Eiffel Tower each day.
Want to go to Rome? Which one? There’s a city named Rome on six out of seven continents. (You really dropped the ball, Antarctica.)
When visiting Key West, you’re actually closer to Havana than you are to Miami.
Mary, of “Mary Had A Little Lamb” fame, was a real person and the song is based on a true story.
“Happy Birthday” was the first song ever played on Mars. Mars Rover Curiosity played the song to itself on its first anniversary on the planet.
While listening to music, your heart can sync to the rhythm.
President Nixon was an accomplished musician. He played five instruments, including the accordion.
Got a song stuck in your head? That’s called an “earworm.”
None of The Beatles could actually read music.
However, George Harrison could reportedly play 26 instruments.
Barry Manilow did not, in fact, write “I Write The Songs.”
Metallica is the only band to perform on all seven continents.
Most department stores tend to play slower music, in order to slow down customers and keep them shopping longer. The opposite is true for restaurants.
Monaco’s orchestra is bigger than its army.
A concert promoter once sold a thousand tickets to a Spice Girls concert in Hawaii that was never actually booked. Maybe that’s where they got the idea for Fyre Fest.
Leo Fender, the inventor of the Stratocaster and the Telecaster, couldn’t play guitar.
In 2016, Mozart sold more albums than Beyoncé.
During a fundraiser for Hurricane Katrina relief efforts, someone donated $35,000 so that VH1 Classic would have to play “99 Luftballons” on repeat for an entire hour.
“A Boy Named Sue” wasn’t written by Johnny Cash. Shel Silverstein wrote it.
In 2015, Belfast police used ice cream truck music to deter teenage rioters.
Gatorade was named after the University of Florida Gators.
China didn’t win its first Olympic medal until 1984.
The average golf ball has 336 dimples.
Tennis was originally played with bare hands.
The Cleveland Browns are the only team to neither play in or host a Super Bowl.
Wilt Chamberlain is in the Volleyball Hall of Fame.
Some golf balls are filled with honey.
Despite taking about three hours to play out, the average baseball game only has about 18 minutes of active playing time.
MLB umpires are required to wear black underwear in case they split their pants
Bo Jackson refused the teams that originally tried to draft him in both baseball and football.
Both volleyball and basketball were invented in Massachusetts.
Michael Jordan and the Chicago Bulls once went eight seasons (starting in 1990) without a three-game losing streak.
NFL refs also get Super Bowl rings.
President Hubert Hoover invented a game called “Hooverball” which was a cross between tennis and volleyball and was played with a medicine ball.
Only one city has won three major championships in one year. In 1935, the Detroit Lions won the Super Bowl, the Tigers won the world series, and the Red Wings won the Stanley Cup.
More than 100 baseballs are used during a typical professional baseball game.